1st finger in #dinosaur hands has been inherited by 🐦 as stabilizer during flight working like the slats on the wing of ✈
2) Education & communication are research fields w/ theoretical basis. Read literature/ collaborate so ur #scicomm works 
2 essential bio. processes can have conflicts and lead to bad consequences. Another evidence against intelligent design. 
2 essential processes can have conflicts and lead to terrible consequences. Another evidence against intelligent design. 
99% of all bacteria is unknown to us 
Abortion is live-saving healthcare 
Absolutely loving . People summarising their expert knowledge and research in one tweet - awesome!
A classic one: No, humans did not evolve from monkeys. Our lineages both evolved from a common primate ancestor. 
We would not know how food, cosmetics and drugs were contaminated without analytical chemistry.   #ACS_CSW
Actively building community is how we get ourselves out of this shit. 
Actual language use/everyday interaction is not random or chaotic, but highly organized. 
Actual spok leid o Scotland isnae taen intae acoont in language science, lairnin an therapy in Scotland. Querr, in't it? 
Addiction is a disease caused by deprivation, and the cure is resources and support, not punishment. 
Algae are essential to supporting life on the planet. When they go rogue, it's usually our fault. 
All cultures evolve and have value; the West doesn't have all answers and doesn't represent universal or ideal behavior 
All data and information have uncertainty. Data   (Quantification of uncertainty) = Knowledge.  
All governments lie. 
All insects aren't bugs ;) 
All life on earth evolved from an ancestor that lived ~4.5 to 3.5 Ga, itself originating via laws of chemistry & physics 
All models are wrong, but some are useful  #GeorgeEPBox
All new technologies have unintended consequences. We must follow a reflexive design approach. There are no techno fixes 
Along with tutorials on how to process space images. If University wasn’t keeping me so busy... 
A lot of observations have a lot of little causes instead of one big one. 
Also GMO FOOD ISN'T ALWAYS TERRIBLE. TECHNICALLY WE ARE ALL GENETICALLY MODIFIED.  (ok or two science tweets)
Also if you don't believe you are wrong, inarguably, unequivocally wrong 
Also, if you successfully communicate your thoughts, you have correctly used language. Lookin' at you, grammar Nazis! 
Also, Moore's law was never really a "law" just like "theory of gravity" isn't just a theory anymore. 
Also, most posts on this hashtag are !! A short sampling follows starting with the difference b/w arms and tentacles:
Also not like Indiana Jones. 
Although archaeology and palaeontology have similarities, they are two very different subjects 
Amen to that! 
Analysing recordings of social interaction often challenges dichotomous notions of power relations in social settings 
Anaplasma lives inside of neutrophils. THIS IS BANANAS  
Ancestral sperm competition means men ejaculate ~350 million sperm. Enough to father the world’s population in 20 wanks! 
Ancient dental calculus is NOT dirt. Don't clean it off teeth and throw away! 
Ancient dental calculus is NOT dirt. Don't clean it off teeth and throw away!
Ancient people were not faceless masses. They were actual people. With actual agency.  
#Anesthesiology is not mainly about putting people to sleep. It’s about perioperative medicine & team-based care. 
Animal cognition isn't what Disney made you believe and that can end up bad both for you and these animals. 
Animals get straight to the point.#ecology #animals #wildlife #environment #vegan 
Animal welfare is not the same thing as animal rights...   
An incredible proportion of computer scientists & programmers are barely-closeted fascists. 
Anthropology allows us to understand our species from many POVs, under the lens of the past, & with an eye for the future
Anthropology examines what makes humans so unique. My pitch: it's that we're the only animals who ask that question  
Ants use their sense of smell to identify another ant’s colony, caste, and individual identity 
Anyone who quotes thay atoms are mostly "empty space" is lying to sound cool or doesn't understand electrons 
Anything with a brain can be trained.  
A person with mental illness is many times more likely to be the victim of a crime than the perpetrator. 
Apes prefer sweet, fleshy fruits & will select them whenever available. Avail. determines amt of 🍊 in diet. 
application of damped linear oscillator improves research design in studies of grief and trauma psychology
Archaeologists do NOT study dinosaurs (that’s palaeontologists). 
Archaeologists do NOT study dinosaurs (that’s palaeontologists).  
Archaeologists never dig up dinosaurs (on purpose)  
Archaeology can be just as much about the future as it is about the past  
Archaeology is about everything. 
Arctic comes from Greek Arktos = Bear, Antarctic = Against Bear 
ART IS HARD OK?!?! Fuck.... 
As a result of Traumatic Brain Injury (TB) axons do not get torn apart. Axons are more subtle than you think. 
A single speck of dust is half way in size between a subatomic particle and the Earth.
Ask a question. Run an experiment. Get the answer. 
Asking questions of natural world is essential, but it is also essential to realize you have the power to pursue answers.
Astronomy is not the same as astrology  
Atmospheric icing is a significant cause for drones crashing. Trying to figure out why and how to mitigate.  #uav
Atoms aren't balls. They have structure that evolves to control chemical reactivity. #picotechnology
A truer word was never spoken :-)) 
A weed is a plant out of place (sounds simple). However weed management is complex.
Bacteriophage therapy is part of the answer to successful treatment of antibiotic resistant bacteria. 
Basic research requires years of learning and practice with often little reward. Scientists are resilient AF! 
#Bats are not mice with wings! And they are not blind! 😁 
Bees are not the only pollinators in the world, and honeybees are not the only bees 🐝  
Before we can work out how to treat a disease/disorder, we must understand typical function of the affected mechanism 
Behavioral & biological pest control must integrate with preventative and chemical controls for successful IPM.  (now)
Being able to do high school math doesn't make me a mathematician and it damn sure doesn't make me a genius 
Being an asshole to me, won't make you achieve what you want any faster or more efficiently. 
best hashtag right now!
Best thread to read at almost 2 a.m. when your kid refuses to sleep. 
binary = a choice between two alternatives 
Biologically, "race" is insignificant. Teach bio earlier? 
Biological sex, gender identity/expression and sexual orientation are not binary 
Biology has one law: Evolution 
Biology should be used less to tell how human individuals should act and more to understand & protect other species & us 
Birds can have regional accents!  
Bobtail squid are not cuttlefish 
Border infrastructure is systematically violent, funneling persons into higher risk areas.  
Brilliant hashtag. Definitely worth a perusal 
Burning jet fuel softens structural steel. Didn't have to melt it.  
But why if they were digging a dinosaurs house? 🙄 
Camels are originally native to NORTH AMERICA. 
Cancer is many diseases, not just one. There will likely never be one cure, but we're trying to find better treatments 
- cancers generally are showcases of evolution on steroids , hence the trouble in treating advanced disease.
Can I do a 2nd ? Bc I also want to say, there are HUNDREDS of languages spoken in 🇲🇽. No, they're not related to Spanish.
Can non-scientists play too? If so, then: "rhetoric" ≠ "bullshit." #teamrhetoric #medrhet 
Capital E, The Enlightenment. 
Capitalism probably isn't good.  
Categories only exist inside people, and are only real insomuch as they are useful. 
Cell membranes are waaaay more complex than you think.  
Cephalopods, still flipping amazing. 
Chaucer and the Pearl Poet were not the only Middle English authors. 
Check out  for a whole host of delightful #scicomm nuggets, straight from the researchers themselves!
Chemicals are not bad necessarily. Water is a chemical, so is oxygen.  
'Chemicals'=/=unsafe for consumption  #MoreLikeOneScienceScreamOfDespair 
Chemistry is not about explosions and blowing up stuff.  #RealTimeChem
Childhood tells us why we are what we are 
Children are not little adults but they have a job, to attend school.  
Children are whole people. They aren’t incomplete adults.  
CHIMPANZEES ARE NOT MONKEYS. CHIMPANZEES ARE NOT MONKEYS. CHIMPANZEES ARE NOT MONKEYS. CHIMPANZEES ARE NOT MONKEYS. 
Chimpanzees aren't monkeys. 
Civilisation is built on soil. We should treat it well.  
Clams have growth lines just like trees! 
Climate change ain't all bad. 
Climate change is real.  
Climate change is real and we're mostly responsible 
Climate has changed before, and will again, but what is happening now IS NOT NORMAL AND IS BAD AND IS BECAUSE OF US. 
Climate, land use and species characteristics all matter to explain where animals or plants are, or where they are going 
Cloning and making a virus is literally so common lol I haven’t even finished my undergrad and I know how to do both 
CO2 absorbs IR radiation from the earth and releases it as heat. That's a greenhouse gas. Those points are irrefutable. 
Collecting artifacts is not the end game for archaeologists. 
COME AND SEE THE WAY PROTEINS MOVE AND CHANGE (just like how it looks in my head)  
Come for the viral hashtags I make, stay for the amazing arthropods. Consider saying hi. 
Comparative education exists 😂 
Comprehensive, positive sex education is vital to young people and must focus on more than biology and shame. 
Computers are programmed by humans. 
Computer Scientist doesn't mean I fix computers, more often than not it means I break them 
concussions are brain injuries
Connecting their isolated habitats is the only way Tigers can sustain themselves in India. So I identify these linkages. 
Conservation isn't about cuddling a panda or stroking a tiger. 
Conservation isn't about saving the world, the world will be here after we are gone. It's about saving us from ourselves 
Conservation isn’t really about wildlife or trees or science. It’s about people and cultural values. The power is yours! 
Conservation of species and critical habitat is your critical habitat too  
Contrary to popular belief, ants are good for plants. Trees grow better when ants live in the soils around them. 🐜🐜🌳
Contrary to what tumblr fan artists claim, human anatomy can be quite diversed and you don't need 8 head body to be human
Controlled burning and #TEK need to be incorporated into current land use plans. #bcpoli 
Corals are animals!  #coral #teamocean 
Correlation does not imply causation and vaccines do not cause autism 
cottonmouth is not aggressive,and does not chase people, but black panthers can be found w bigfoot: In a drug coma.
Critically endangered languages tell a unique story about human capacity for language.  
Crystals don't have healing powers, unless they are crystals of medicinal compounds.   
CSI is even more bollocks than you suspect it is. 
CS students and IT peoples don't know how to fix your computer, we just know how to Google it. 
Cyber hygiene is as effective to cybersecurity as hand washing is to surgery; it helps but does not define the outcome. 
dallmon : It’s all fun and games until your werewolf boyfriend eats you. 
"Darwinism: One dimension of the actual-the rest is impossible.Idealism: Another dimension; there is the possible." 
Darwin’s theory of evolution describes the origin of species, not the origin of life.  
Data is not cold, raw, hard, or neutral. We are brave when we acknowledge bias.  
Dead people don't sit up on the embalming table.  
Dementia is a symptom caused by many diseases. Alzheimer’s is one cause of dementia, and not part of normal aging. 
Democracy is never fully achieved. It has to be worked on to be a reality, at the participation and institutional level. 
Demographics of ppl has shown to impact odds to survive/recover from disaster. Social vulnerability can be used to target 
Demography explains (almost) everything 
Despite a census population of 7.5 billion, humans have much lower genetic diversity than many other species 
Despite what most people seem to think, the "Oxford Comma" is entirely optional. 
Digital Forensics takes a lot of time and doesn't have an enhance button  
Dinosaurs give birds the finger... 
Disasters are manmade. Oh, and climate change is real. 
Discourse shapes what we can see (i.e. what matters), say (and who can do so), and think (what is true or plain silly?) 
Discrimination, repression and hate are   key factors in moving peoples & organizations to use violence 
Dissent and criticism drive innovation and progress.  
Distracted from tedious illness by the marvellousness of .
Doesn't Nature do a marvelous job with bio-diversity? For millions of years now. 
Dogs are adaptable carnivores and putting your dog on a no meat diet is animal abuse. 
Do not run in the rain wearing flip flops. 
Don't be afraid to grab the canapés. You never know when they'll come around again. 
DON'T GO ON JUICE OR SMOOTHIE CLEANSES. YOUR BODY NATURALLY DETOXES ITSELF AND YOU JUST SOUND DUMB.
Don't let your studies interfere with your education.  
Don't take baby turtles home and don't release pet turtles in your local pond. 
Don't trust the narrator!  #Narratology 
DON'T USE GROWTH HORMONES TO FIGHT AGING.(I have a lot more than 1 thing) 
Don't wear the white gloves. 
All measurements are wrong, some are useful, and at least they actually happened.
Do yourself a favor and take a few minutes to check out . 🤓 
Do yourselves a favor this #SundayMorning and go read the posts under . 🔬 ☀️ 😊
Bacteria may be evil little buggers,but they are fun to grow.
Drug discovery is onerous... its immensely satisfying'n exciting to see interactions of a target with a drug in 3D 
Drugs: less is more. 
ducks have corkscrew dongs 
Early intervention is the answer. 
Earth's climate's been changing for 5 billion yrs; last time CO2 levels were so high = pre-human  
Earth's protective magnetic field is made in the liquid part of approx Mars-sized metal ball @ the center of the planet. 
Ecology is basic AND applied science, to understand & benefit earth & humanity. 
Ecology isn't only important on massive, pristine landscapes   
Economics and accounting are different fields  
Economics MIGHT be a science 
Economists fundamentally don’t know what causes growth or how inflation works 
Economists (unwittingly) become political philosophers in the classroom, when talking to policymakers & in the media. 
Ecosystems are not only more complex than we think, they are more complex than we can think - Frank Egler 
Ecosystems need their fish as much as people do 
Education, or school, should primarily be about student's gaining knowledge/information. 
Education, or school, should primarily be about students gaining knowledge/information.#edchat #psychat 
'Electrical Engineer' is not an 'Electrician'. They are both important but two different professions. 
Electricity is magic and I'm a magician watch out I don't take away your charging capabilities. ⚡ 
Electrons are weird 
Emotional experience can be a force for good or a force for bad. What determines that? Context! 
Encouraging interviewees to say more can aid investigations and help facilitate lie detection #MyScienceOneTweet 
"Energy independence" makes no sense. Oh, and also, climate change is real. 
Engaging people in nature conservation is harder than publishing scientific papers; but more effective and rewarding 
English classes are super useful in the real world. If you don’t get that, you probably weren’t very good at yours. 
Enjoying the  hashtag
Environments and their challenges may have affected our activities, health, and diets for thousands of years 
Equal Temperament killed music 
Establishing #ProtectedAreas without adequate management and resources will not effectively halt the loss of biodiversity 
Even in a warmer/warming climate, there can be periods of below normal temperature - esp at local scale. 
Even the subtlest distinctions in language carry semantic weight 
Everybody can suffers tumors, even #dinosaurs
Everybody gets tumors, even #dinosaurs
Everybody poops, even prehistoric critters.  
Every microbe is a factory in itself, trying to help, with exceptions, of course. 
Everyone has the potential to be a scientist. So never say science isn’t for me because science is for everyone. 
Everyone is curious; sometimes you just need to give them permission to be excited.
everyone needs autonomy, relatedness, and competence. don't satisfy those needs, and people develop all kinds of wonky. 
Everyone needs the night.  #DarkSkies 🌌 
Everything in any biological system lies on a spectrum, or it couldn't adapt to change.
Everything is down to language, and that's what linguists recognise - not just correcting people's grammar (or not)... 
Everything that Humanity knows, knows Humanity all alone.
everything thats not hetero/cis/allo normative is queer. yes, even that thing you dont like is technically queer 
Everything we learned over the past century reflects our ancestral Indigenous sciences that we were once forced to forget
Evolution devises fascinating solutions to new ecologically puzzles in a changeable world.  
EVOLUTION HAPPENS. 
Evolution is a fact. The theory of evolution by natural selection describes the mechanism. Theory doesn’t mean hunch. 
Evolution is amoral. Culture evolves to serve the genome. If humanity is to survive it must actively choose enlightenment 
Evolution is not at odds with Evangelicalism and does not equal atheism.  
Evolution is real and it happens on timescales not geological but contemporary!  
Evolution is real, and whether or not you believe in it is irrelevant. 
Evolution is real. Whether or not you believe in it is irrelevant. 
Expecting conservation outcomes without investment is nonsensical #beyondarea #paperparks 
Experiencing hallucinations is not necessarily equivalent to having a mental health problem. Context is so important  
Exposure to a natural sign language from birth prevents language deprivation in deaf children 
External pressures and constraints, rather than the content of our brains, explain most of our behavior. #sociology 
Extremely entertaining hashtag 
Farmers and ranchers can reduce input costs and improve yield through biological control.  
Fascinated by  this morning.
Fiber optics do more than stream @netflix, they can detect toxins, shoot metal melting lasers & filter blood
Finally some good news, mainly because it's something we can't screw up(yet) 
fire is an ecological process and shouldn't be seen as "good" or "bad". What when and how things burn matters.
Fish are smarter than you think! 💭🐟  
Forgive my delay in including this, the original tweet, it appears: 
Forgot the hashtag 
Fundamentally, we everything we eat, can is on on and in the periodic table🔬 
Fun exercise for our #sci4all discussions? 
Fungi are becoming resistant to antifungal medicines just like bacteria are becoming resistant to antibiotics! 
Fun & interesting thread 👇 
Fun thread: 
Gender/ed identities are constructed in texts and by speakers. 
Genetically modified organisms are not new, not scary, and it's ok to be anti-Monsanto & pro-GMO  
Genius is not a thing. Hard work and the *right kind* of deliberate practice is. 
Geoarchaeology here: please keep the dirt as well  
Geologic processes are independent of humans and have been so for almost 5 billion years!!! Geology rocks. 
Geology isn't just rocks.  
Get all the New Horizons data though Pluto encounter for free here: https://t.co/mrShMRaaVs
Get vaccinated and don't use antibiotics for viral infections (or as growth promoters in farming). Oh and use condoms.  
Glaciers contribute to sea level rise. Trying to know how much, and how rapidly :) 
Global #biodiversity conservation starts w/ local engagement   understanding the value of species living right beside us. 
Global nature conservation efforts will fail unless the private sector gets meaningfully involved [Tough hashtag, that!]
Global warming and antimicrobial resistance is going to be the end of humanity unless we all cooperate with science.
Global warming is real.Renewable energy is good.We need to look after our home.
God (the Bible) never promises His children an easy life. 
Good data management allows us to answer many questions & is applicable to all disciplines. Requires planning, worth it. 
Good record keeping is the difference between conducting science and just screwing around. 
Grammar is really very systematicish, and mostly not in the way many would apparently like it to be 
Grammar Nazis aren’t just mean, they’re wrong 😈 #linguistics  
Group identity can lead humans--including scientists--to do beautiful as well as brutal things to one another.
Guessing one's password isn't "hacking" 
Half of the UK (Hull included) will NOT be underwater in 2100...* *But flood risk will be greater.
Have a mountain of work to do tonight but I just discovered the  hashtag. Tune in.
Having a particular accent and being (or not being) ‘easy to understand’ are entirely separate things. 
Having dead/dying trees in the forest isn’t necessarily a bad thing for living trees, wildlife, or the soil. 
Having the most sensitive tech to diagnose infections will do nada if we don’t fight antibiotic resistance. Wash ur hands 
Health care is complicated. 
Here is a *small* sample of the great tweets with ! 
hic! <wipes lips> 
High quality habitat is basis for healthy & productive fish populations - and better protected than "restored"  
History does not repeat itself. It is deliberately, constantly being mined for effective strategies to power. 
History is a science.  
History is neither a logical progression nor a repetitive cycle. It's the complex machine of stories we tell afterwards. 
measurement is hard, and most measures don’t work as well as claimed.
Holy crap there are a lot of bugs. 
Homeopathic remedies are bs and not medicine 
Homeopathy is bullshit  
Homeopathy is fake medicine.
Hormones are NEVER given to chickens. Growth rate and size of broilers (meat birds) is because of genetic selection. 
Hormones are NEVER given to chickens. Growth rate & size of broilers is because of genetic selection. 
Hot Dog is a good dog. 
Human evolution tells us where we came from, about our behaviour and shows our connection to our primate family 
Human language is universal, but little is known about how it evolved - how and why are we the only species that speaks? 
humans and dolphins are the only animals that have sex for pleasure 
Humans are not at the top of the food chain. Remember that. 
Humans have scales. We call them teeth.  
Ichthyosaurs and Pterosaurs are NOT dinosaurs. But this guy: 🦅 and 🦉 and 🦆and 🐥and 🦃and 🕊ARE all dinosaurs. 
Ichthyosaurs are not swimming dinosaurs. Just no. 
icthyosaurs are not dinosaurs but they are still awesome
I'd just add ... to know how language works, study real talk ... 
I’d love it if people could understand confirmation bias. 
I do more than count birds, and no I don’t know what that little brown jobbie was at your feeder. 
...I don't do dinosaurs. #zooarchaeology  
I don't think Political Science is a science  
If a computer isn't saving you time or money, you shouldn't be using it as a research tool 
If conditions are right, adults can learn languages as well as children. Many do.  
If the book in question is not a work of fiction, then it is not called “a novel”. 
If the thought of Mark Zuckerberg using you as a lab rat makes you queasy, you need me in your life. 
If two things happen around the same time, it does NOT mean that one is causing the other 
if water looks suspiciously green or brown do not swim in it 🧜‍♀️ 
If water, soil & air were pristine we might not need laws & regs. We pollute across state lines. Need bigscale solutions. 
If we could protect and even repair neurons, we could improve lives for so many 
If we want to protect the environment, we need the knowledge to do so.
If you beat a mandrill in hand to hand combat, he is obligated to save your life before his debt is fulfilled. 
If you can't understand that bird, it's probably from Texas: 
If you could have the entire world know just one thing about your field of study, then what would it be? 
If you don’t understand human perception and behavior, the engineering doesn’t matter.  
If you ignore social and structural determinants you're doing public health wrong  
If you listen closely, almost all the animal sounds you hear mean: "mine," "look out!"  "back off!" & "wanna get it on?" 
If you listen to what women & trans folk need from their MDs, and do it in a safe and respectful way, outcomes improve. 
If you spill a dollop of cream cheese on a contract it doesn't affect the validity of the contract. 
If you think about what their brains evolved to do, you can understand a lot about folks. 
If you weren’t so damn big you could be in two places at the same time.  
“Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge" Darwin 
I have one word for you. Just one word:Exercise. 
I have trained my children to say this too... 
I'll just leave this here. Do come back to it after you read the bio. 
Imagine being unable to move and listening to yourself being eaten. Pleasant dreams... 
I'm gonna be a hanger-on to to this one...#scienceliteracy 
I’m happy you take all the hard work on electromagnetism I do for granted. It means we’re good at our jobs 
Immediate deep decarbonisation in order to avoid global biosphere collapse
In ~97% of cases, motivation is a reliable predictor of SLA success. The rest remain a mystery. 
Include social science perspectives   measures 
Incredibly interesting and funny tweets on the  hashtag. 
Indeed. Even mosquitoes get in on pollination: https://t.co/Er4ur38O9c
Independant lines of scientific evidence indicate anthropogenic #ClimateChange is occurring. We must act now! Agree? RT 
In different degreees, we are all related! We all share big pieces of DNA called ROH! 
Innovation doesn't always happen on the cutting edge....  
In order to conserve or protect anything, including ourselves, we must first conserve and protect our soil. 🌱🌱🌱
In quantum mechanics, an "observer" has nothing to do with the existence of a conscious human being. 
#Insects are everywhere, important and #scicomm about them critical.  
International Organizations do much more than you think, and are more popular in the US than you would think 
Introduce mercury to aluminum and suddenly it's the closing scene of Luc Besson's Lucy. 
Invertebrates play vital roles in our ecosystems. We need to manage & protect them (they're also beautiful & fascinating) 
it is a function of language, not a mangling of a language, to adapt to new media & social conventions. 
It is best not to go to Hawking, Nye, Tyson, etc for your accounts of philosophy and its history. 
It is indispensable, and doomed. #medievaltwitter #historyofscience  
It’s all fun and games until your werewolf boyfriend eats you. 
It's all gone downhill since the Big Bang. And the rot really set in when galaxies formed. 
it's dead easy to make a fake AI because people are easy marks 
It's Fungi's world; we just live in it.  
It’s my field of numerical analysis that ensures anti-ballistic missiles hit their targets to help keep our troops safe 
It’s normal for people to use language differently from each other. 
It's not morbid to talk about death.  
It's not the sun, not volcanoes, not the ozone hole, and not ill-sited weather stations - it's us. 
It's not what you do but the way that you do it (that is, Investigative Interviewing tactics and behaviours) 
It's okay to not like Shakespeare 
It's "Poli sci," not "poly sci." We're barely one science, let alone many. 
It's the feeling of handling life that makes it all worth it: cell culture. 
I’ve been reading the replies for over 20 minutes. Super interesting stuff. 
i've stated all domains=interstices/in between-ness 4 discovery= am not changing my mind :)  
Vaccines save lives. Period. 
Just because I come up with solutions that are surprisingly simple and *look* very easy doesn't mean that it's "easy" 🙈🙄😱 
Just because I'm young and a woman, doesn't not make me any less of a biomedical scientist than you. 
Just because it is natural doesn't mean it is safe or healthy  
Just spent a happy hour on  Thanks to the contributors.
Keeping soil organic matter in the ground needs social buy-in and affection for land. And perennials! 
Keep your focus on the question while you're working on the answer. 
Kiddo says dinosaurs are gone. I said no. Trying to convince a 2yo mom is right 
Kids really enjoy science and math when you let them explore instead of making them memorize facts. 
Kids think differently than adults!  
'knowledge is a 2-way street' scientists need to listen to & learn from practitioners to have impact 
Knowledge organization systems represent a perspective and not a 1:1 correspondence with reality. 
Krill suffer from postrprandial narcosis and assist the oceanic carbon pump  
Labeling specimens correctly saves time, money, and lives.  #MedicalLaboratoryScience
Lack of knowledge is highly connected with lack of sustainable development. 
Lakes are affected by forces (like humans and climate) on diff. time scales. Paleolimnology leads to modern mitigation. 
Lakes are an incredibly important part of our carbon cycle 
Landscaping ur N. American yard with plants from Asia & Europe is really screwing up local ecosystems. Plant responsibly. 
Language changes whether you like it or not.  #Linguistics 
Language discrimination is a thing. 
Language diversity is the norm, people like to use their own languages, those languages change 
Language evolves - don't be so prescriptive with vocabulary. 
Language influences almost everything we do - knowing what the influences are can change your life and the life of others 
Language is not neutral 
Language is not neutral  
Language is simultaneously a lot messier and a lot more systematic than you think it is. 
Latin is fascinating and fun and if you speak english and study it, it will improve your vocabulary SO MUCH 
Learner variability is an asset  #UDL 
Learning a lot today thru . 
Learning styles are not a thing  
Letter of recommendation: 
Librarianship isn't neutral.  
Libraries are about information. Books & journals are only containers of information.  
Life finds a way. 
Life, like science, is full of questions and creativity and moments of powerful discovery. Embrace it all. 
Light damage is cumulative and non-reversible.                                     Rinse and repeat ad nauseum. 
Light-years are units of distance, not time. (Same goes for parsecs, Han.)  
Likability is very important!“Science is done between friends”
Like that fancy beach house? Better start worrying about melting glaciers and ice sheets.  
#LinguisticLandscape both influences public perceptions on language and is in turn influenced by them 
#linguistics IS a science, despite all qualifications being arts.
#linguistics IS a science, despite all qualifications being arts. 
Literally what it is. Also, why it's a separate discipline to medieval history and that matters. 
Literature is boring but so much fun you know what i mean?? 
Liver smoothies cleanses tho? 
Loki is not a fire spirit, please stop, I am begging y'all. 🙏🏻😥 
Loki is not Thor's adopted brother. 
Looking for great scientists to follow? Check out   
Many disasters can be prevented.  
Many social behaviors are organized around processes of body temperature regulation  
Maps don't represent realityMaps create realityMaps are not neutralMaps lieMaps are weapons
Marine Science literature should be available to everyone for free to ensure effective #ocean protection 
MARKETING CATEGORIES are capitalism. GENRE is the conversation books have among themselves.  
Mars is a planet inhabited solely by robots. 
Mars is not a backup plan.  
Mathematical rules without meaning are counterproductive to learning.  
Mathematics education should empower and should never exclude or limit. 
#math #physics #astronomy A tweet to help put today's events into perspective: 
Matt Ridley insisted on this in his book Genome: GENES ARE NOT THERE TO CAUSE DISEASES (all caps his). didn't work 
Maybe it’s time? 
Measures of variance are just as important as measures of central tendency.  
Measuring language skills of an individual is not outdated. There are just more or less valid methods and conclusions.
Measuring the prevalence of disability requires a bit more than simply asking people "do you have a disability" 
Medieval people didn't think the world was flat  #screamingintothevoid 
Mental health is physical health is public health is social justice is mental health. 
Mesozoic marine and flying reptiles are NOT DINOSAURS... And also, sauropod dinosaurs are the best 😁 
Meta-analyses are fucked 
Metallurgy is a sub-discipline of Materials Science and involves the design and analysis of engineering metal alloys.
Meteorology is limited by lack of obs,comp power, & eqn limitation. We do the best we can but model error is always there 
Migration is a positive sign of the human ability to be endlessly imaginative, adaptable and practicable 
Modern psychologists know Freud is bullshit. 
Most “common” brain disorders are actually large collections of rare disorders w/ overlapping symptoms 
Most of the life in Antarctica is on the ice free land. There's not much of it. It's warming & people go there. 
Most of what we think we know about clinical medicine is wrong. 
Most people who use drugs aren't addicted to them. 
Most wildlife are remarkably resilient and don't need "managing"; it's human impacts on wildlife that need management. 
Movies may have mislead us on this one: 
Much of what we know about antennae found on nearly all human cells came from studying algae. #ModelOrganismsFTW 
Natural drugs are not safer than synthetic ones, in fact they're usually much more dangerous. 
‘Natural substance’ does not equal ‘safe’. ‘Synthetic chemical’ does not equal ‘toxic.’ 
Nearly everything in the universe is a system, or part of one. Not even atoms are “atomic.” 
Neutrophils kill themselves to help stick our fat to our intestines to stop bacteria leaking out during appendicitis 
Never forget the idealism and curiosity you had on the first day of grad school.  
Never understood this. Does it mean some give the answers you're looking for and some don't? 
New Orleans is one storm away from inevitable, irretrievable destruction. Do not live there.  
Nice Twitter idea for all you researchers out there: #scicomm #research #medicine 
NO2 is *not* nitrous oxide. 
No, an anthropologist doesn't look like (or act like) Indiana Jones/Lara Croft.  
NOBODY ACTUALLY READS DOWNS (1957) 
computer scientist does not mean I want to be an app developer. 
No consensus on the best diet, so the best advice is: “Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants." 
No controversial issue has ever been resolved by appeal to the Bible. #MyOneReligionTweet 
no dinosaurs didn’t swim in the ocean. This is a marine reptile.
No, it's not just like Breaking Bad.Except for that one part about coffee.That part is accurate.#Chemistry 
No large asteroid will impact Earth in the next few hundred years.  
No nonavian dinosaurs were active swimmers in the ocean. Those are marine reptiles. #qualifierstokeepmehonest
No one is perfect, therapy is normal 
no one knows what 'for future generations' actually means, it may mean nothing at all 
No organism exists in a bubble - it's the interactions that tell us the ecology  
No, philosophy isn’t the same thing as psychology. 
No postmodernist or poststructuralist ever claimed that there is no reality out there.  
No such thing as “chemical free” product. 
Not all animals lie down to sleep. Dolphins sleep with 1/2 their brain while swimming 🐬 Frigatebirds sleep while flying 🐦
Not all invasions are bad. The problem is not knowing which ones.  
Not all palaeontologists study dinosaurs.Some of us don't even ever look at actual fossils 🙊 
Not all species of praying mantises are sexually cannibalistic 
Not enough reindeer to feed them? 
Not every plant virus is a bad virus, they may just be in the wrong host... 
"Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution" - Dobzhansky 
Not my field but oh my god we'd be fucked without microbes. Like, no life fucked.  
Not science, but my field of study: You don’t need an apostrophe if you’re making things plural. #fedupenglishmajor 
Not specific to my fields but all, the best way to serve sci literacy is to cut elitism/gatekeeping n promote curiosity. 
No, you can't break terror groups encryption without compromising your own first & worse. 
No: you don't have a "theory". You have a hypothesis.
No, your computer, program, data capture method, algorithm, are NOT unbiased, impartial, or apolitical in any sense. 
nutrient cycling is critical for human well being & food production 
Obamacare saved newborn babies' lives and helped prevent newborn complications due to mother's medical conditions. 
Ocean currents are not pipelines.  
Odonatology, study of dragonflies/damselflies. Critical in watching quality/changes of air/water & inspire in many ways. 
"Only the fungi know." 
Our germline DNA doesn't predetermine our health & wellbeing in most cases. But it is one piece of the puzzle. 
Our health and lifestyles are SO much better now than decades & centuries gone by.  #healthscience #lifeexpectancy #QOL 
Overfitting will kill you dead. 
pain is a percept which does not linearly relate to tissue damage
#palaeontology and #archaeology are not the same thing!  
Palaeontology is not just dinosaurs.
Paleontology is more than just digging up bones. We use math to do actual experiments that show evolution thru Deep Time. 
Panic is not a widespread conduct in disasters  
PARKLIFE! 
Passive lectures, while they feel good for teachers & students, are ineffective & biased by race & gender. 
Past behaviour is the strongest predictor of future behaviour.  
Patience and perseverance of a Special Educationist is laudable..😎 
Patterned relationships *between* individuals, not individual attributes, reflect underlying dynamics of human sociality. 
Peacock #Spiders are awesome 😂👍👍👍👌👌👌 
Peeing on a jellyfish sting isn’t going to help...
People and their world make up a great object rfor inquiry. Seek to know that object. (Edward Rose)
People are biased towards immediate rather then delayed reinforcement, even if the delayed rewards are more valuable. 
People are the most dangerous animal on the planet. 
people did live to their 70s, 80s, 90s in the distant archaeological past; just not as many as today
People don’t want to pay artists 
People from the past did basically the same things we do, in different ways, different times, different places. 
People in the past treated eachother just like we do now (for better or for worse) #archaeology 
People matter. 
People need #biodiversity, functioning ecosystems, and #wilderness to be healthy, happy, and have a functioning economy
People need help sometimes along their journey! 
People use language creatively, flexibly, and fluidly  
People who say, "Our politics have never been this bad," are forgetting all of American history. 
People with acrylic nails have at least 50 thousand microorganisms under each nail. 
Physical illness and mental illness are just as important/real as they seem. Stop telling people to “get over it” 
Physicists felt bad after inventing the A Bomb  
phytoplankton are responsible for around half the photosynthesis that occurs on the planet. tiny microscopic algae. 
Pinging #openscience #opendata #biophysics #SDGs #culture 
Planets make stars wobble, causing tides which change the brightness and shift the frequency of their light 
#Plantbreeding...... can reduce the need for pesticides.... can make #agricutlure more sustainable.... includes #GMOs.
Plant pathogens are everywhere, you just have to look... 
Plants are not just sitting there doing nothing.  
Plants can hear caterpillar's bites vibrations and response chemically to them 
Plants have complex and dynamic lives and are far from passive presences we see every day.  
Playing music can cure sickness and  pain 
Please, learn what a bloody population level statistical finding means 
Plesiosaurs are NO dinosaurs...and pterosaurs and Dimetrodon aren't dinosaurs either.  
Policies influence how you live your life.  
Political & legal norms are important in global politics but mean different things depending on people and situations 
Political science is a science.  
Political science isn't science. 
Political scientists don't study how to be politicians, and many of us have been really bad at that in the past. 
politics is triage, everything is political, stop giving money to people studying pre-20th century literature 
Power is the ultima ratio in politics.  
Ppl in high risk work cope w/ complexity&risk remarkably well.Human error is a symptom of #system failure not human ones. 
Ppl who take the time to prepare and learn before a disaster are more likely to survive and recover faster. 
Praying does not make a turbulent flight any better
Prehistoric people were not stupid. 
Pre-publication peer review is a scam that costs $10b/year, distorts fields and does a poor job at IDing good science 
Presenting is a skill anyone can master it just takes work, so believe in yourself.  #notjustscience
Prices abstract away the competition for scarce resources. 
Primates exist in two sexes and zero genders. Guns, on the other hand... 
Prostate cancer affects more than just old men and has no cure. 
#ProtectedArea Policy that substitutes means for ends is inadequate 4 biodiversity conservation #beyondarea #notjustarea 
Public lands are essential to human, ecological, and economic health. 
Putting the fun in fungi 
P values - don’t throw the baby out with the bath water 
Quantitative/Qualitative dichotomy is misleading: quant. analyses involve qual. labels; qual. analyses do fuzzy counting. 
Question everything you read, hear, and see. Never stop asking why, how, when, or what? 
Racism is an enormous problem in America. 
Radiation is harmful only in very high doses.  
Rates of PTSD are on the rise amongst military service members who have never seen live comabt.   
Reading social theory is awesome  
regarding paleontology: no, not like Ross on Friends!
Regulating biotech risks is hard bc culture & political ideology distort assessment. 
Religion is a strategic tool for violence, not its cause  
REPTILES ARE SOCIAL! THEY HAVE (...) LIVES (AND) ARE NOT ROBOTS ME IN A FKING NUTSHELL JAJAJ 
Research primary sources. Hundreds of em. 
Research shows that terrorism perpetrated by non-Muslims has killed more ppl since 9/11, but gets much less press.
Responses tweeted with this hashtag are fascinating. Read them to learn a lot of great stuff. 
ribonucleic acids make up 20% of every cells weight, yet we barely understand how they control cells 
Right now, I turn "unknown unknowns" into "known unknowns", in the hope of one day knowing (what microbial genes do)
Right-wing populism is motivated primarily by ethnic-cultural anxiety not economic anxiety.  
rinse all your holes clean w/ a swish of gentle saline solution
The best way to get children into science is for them to experience... 
ROSES DON'T HAVE THORNS THEY HAVE PRICKLES #sorry 
‘Ross from Friends’ is not a clever pop-culture reference. You can do better guys. #Palaeontology 
Rotational accelerations in head impacts are more harmful to your brain than linear ones. 
Ruffed lemurs use kindergartens, just like us. It takes a village to raise even a ruffed lemur ‘child’. 
Sadly the same is true about most human communication. ;-) 
"Save the bees" is about thousands of wild species (plus that one domesticated friend known as "the honey bee") 
Saving this for the lulz when we find out we have a week to live in 2030. 
Science can get it wrong, BUT IT CORRECTS ITS MISTAKES. Science is bigger than the sum of its erring, human parts. 
Science can get it wrong, but seeks to correct itself. Science can be criticized, but is not equal to unfounded opinion.
Science doesn't always get the right answer on the first try.  
Science improves lives. Science saves lives 
Science is all around you all the time. It's not just people w/white coats&bubbling test tubes. That's Hollywood  #SciComm
Science is a method and approach. Where it can be applied: great answers. But there is also truth beyond its limits.  
Science is a playground for problem solving & discovery, made possible by ppl of ALL identities, cultures & backgrounds. 
Science is complicated. Sometimes we are wrong, but we are trying. Get over it.  
Science is continuous, brachiating, interconnected narrative.
Science is done by humans, in all their fallibility, vulnerability, pettiness, & beauty. Treat scientists accordingly. 
Science is everywhere and belongs to everyone. We all need to work harder to reduce barriers and stigmas around science. 
Science is made of building blocks. Pursue of basic knowledge is as important as applied knowledge. 
Science is meant to defy boundaries. Be your own scientist; don't let semantic labels constrain you. 
#Science is more than facts & formulas. Learning science is creating & producing it in daily life & impacting communities 
Science is not dogma, it evolves according to the best  evidence available at the time. There is no conspiracy. 
Science isn’t apolitical and objectivity is only situational.  
Science is political.  
Science news is often based on work done several years ago, and most research never makes the news at all. 
"science, the poetry of reality."  @RichardDawkins
science twitter drop prime a  knowledge, regard 
Scientific facts are not democratic - they're true regardless of people's opinion...and that's a good thing 
Scientists are not hiding “the cure” for cancer 
Scientists aren't afraid to change their views if new evidence shows their old wisdom to be flawed 
Scientists collab to develop cognitively challenging puzzles to enhance zoo animal wellbeing. Welfare, games & brains 
Scientists did NOT "find the gene that causes [disease/condition]". They might have found a genetic ERROR that causes it. 
scientists either follow or stalk one another on this godforsaken website. Yes, all of them.
*screaming out* there is no biological marker for autism 
Seriously good hashtag if you want to learn something and take a valuable few minutes to read: 
Sex is just as much a spectrum as gender or sexuality - denying that is denying many peoples' bodies and lived realities 
Sex work is a real and valid job and must be decriminalised. 
Sharks are much-maligned, often caught in nets, and often killed just for their fins. 
Sharks are much-maligned, often caught in nets, and often killed just for their fins. https://t.co/icOVV9E2kN
Sharks DO get cancer! #sharks #immunology  
Shrinking sea-ice does not cause sea level rise. Melting ice-sheets do cause sea-level rise. 
Sign languages save lives. BSL saved mine. Gives identity, community prevents language deprivation, sign is beautiful. 
Single study news reports are 99% useless. 
Snakes don't unhinge their jaws to eat and don't size people up to eat them. 
Social insect (eg honey bee) workers are not sterile!  
Social life within and between spotted hyena clans is SO much like life in human society.  
Social movements reproduce certain types of inequality as even as they combat others.  
Soil is alive and supports ALL life. 
Soil is in danger and we need to protect it.  
Some bacteria are good for you, some bacteria are bad for you. Just like people. 
Some fungi have more than 20,000 sexes.  But we can't tell them apart by how they look.  Only the fungi know.  
Somehow I find this fact staggering cool (and surprising). 
Some linguists speak only one language :)  
Some mental health treatments work better than others.  https://t.co/J6EvJI0Bb0
Some people consider themselves educated cause they know literature/history when already suffering scientific illiteracy
Some prehistoric people loved collecting old objects and may have even put them on display. 
Some problems are not solvable by computers.  
Soooooo  is basically the best thing ever and you should just go read them all so I don't have to RT every single one.
#Sorghum can kill #livestock under abnormal conditions like #drought High #Nitrogen and #herbivore attack 
Space archaeology is real, and it studies human activity in outer space 
Space archaeology is real, and it studies human activity in outer space  
Space is 100 miles away (low earth orbit). You are closer to space than Miami is to Disney World.  
Space is big. No, bigger than that. Waaaay bigger.... Bigger still... Ugh, never mind. 
Speaking in a foreign language takes courage. Non-native accents are a sign of bravery. #SLA #appliedlinguistics 
Spooky science fact in honor of Halloween: 
Statistics are descriptions of data and are not predictive 
Stay the fuck away from the Middle Ages, Nazis. #medievaltwitter  
Still one of the most mindblowing things I've learned in recent times 
Stretch it or bend it, but don't you dare tear it 
Students have too little exposure to #botany to appreciate how spectacular plants are! 
Studying climate change is useful, but the climate system is also a beautiful complex system in its own right. 
Studying fossils is the only way to understand how life works in the absence of humans.  
Studying Nature is a bona fide Science  #nathist #ecologyisnotadirtyword 
Studying past shows glacier behaviour controlled by physical setting. Vital to map ocean bathymetry & sub-ice topography 
Stuff is really really complicated 
Sum of human knowledge in single tweets. How cool is that?! 
Surprised I haven’t seen a tweet about the ecological disaster known as cats in  
Surveys should be created by experts. Wording of both the item and response scale matter. A lot. 
Switching it off and on again often works 
Taking today’s CO2 emissions out of the atmosphere in the future probably won’t repair many climate change impacts 
Talk and action is where social order, society, is to be found. It is made orderly for that reason, so others can find it
Talking to each other is good, listening to each other is better.  
Tbh as a sexologist, I’m tired of people misusing the word “pedophilia.” 🤷🏻‍♀️ 
Telling people more of the facts does not necessarily make them believe more of the facts. 
Terrorism is a strategy, not an ideology 
Thank you. No empirical support. Need to remove this from #adultedu and #lifelonglearning lexicon. 
That atoms exist, they join to form molecules, and when they break down, they emit radiation. 
carbs aren’t the devil 
That child banging objects, flinging food, or scribbling is not being bad. They are learning about their body and world! 
That it exists. Thanatology is the scientific study of death.  It’s a thing people!  
That like all illnesses,  food borne also has an incubation period.  https://t.co/8Mh5ICCp8h
That 'Mind Games' chap on the Discovery channel ..real world demos of what this tweet says😄🤗 
That the over-reliance on automobiles is destroying (has destroyed) our communities, our health, and our happiness!  
That vaccines don't cause autism 
That without effective communication the world will end 
That your ears (and all sensory organs) deceive you  
The ability to communicate science is just as important as the ability to do research #SciComm  
The assertion that the universe had an absolute beginning has no scientific foundation.
The best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask, but to post wrong one.  
The best way to understand variation in behavior is to watch it develop.  Oh- and there is no "vs" in nature and nurture.
The Big Bang is not the beginning of things, but the end of our understanding of where it all came from. 
The big bang isn't an explosion in space. It is the expansion of space!  
The biggest gains in Nature conservation are to made where we live, work and play  
The blood in Night of the Living Dead was Bosco chocolate syrup.  #OhWait
The body has amazing capabilities to heal itself given rest and the right foods.  
the cane goes on the good side.  
The danger of climate change is NOT only about the planet’s health.  It’s inherently selfish- life will go on. We won’t. 
The difference between a main and subordinate clause and how to use them both correctly in a sentence. 
The Earth's mantle is not liquid  
The global economy is a subsystem of (i.e. dependent on) the global ecosystem 
The internet was a really bad idea and some of us are very sorry. 😐 
The Large Hadron Collider is not a threat to Earth or the rest of the universe.  
The Lizard People from the Belt of Orion are real, and my cat is one of their Elder Gods.  
The Macbeth curse doesn't exist. 
The Mathematics of the Universe might not actually support the ability to keep secrets. No state or corporate secrets. 
The MBTI is unreliable as an overall assessment tool of personality. 
The more #land we #protect the better things will be. 
The most important skill you can have is, in response to evidence, how to change your mind.   Also: be curious.
The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator is BULLSHIT! 
The names you use every day carry extensive underlying information.  
The network of alleles is as material as the network of people. The real master mind though is in the alleles. 
The night sky is not purple as you see in a lot of today's so called #astrophotography.
The only way to get kids INTO science, is for them to EXPERIENCE science. 
The origin of life is chemistry  
The Pacific is the most linguistically #diverse region in the world.  #underrepresented  
"The person is smart. People are dumb,dangerous,panicky animals and you know it " 
The person who knows the least about your sleep is you; you're unconscious at the time.   
The presence of Sulphur in Onions are beneficial for hair regeneration And regrowth.  #FoodScience
The primary function of runes when they were used was as a writing system. Magic is secondary. 
The question "WHY does this bit of language behave the way it does?" has very often an intelligible, rational answer 
There are known knowns, known unknowns, and unknown unknowns 
There are more genetic diffs bw people frm the same "race" than bw people frm different "races".  
There are no “laws” of social science, but that is precisely what makes it useful and necessary 
There are no penguins at the North Pole. There are no penguins at the North Pole. (Please fix multiple cartoons). 
There are not enough of us if we put all our genomes together, to statistically understand it. 
There are over 200 different types of cancer. There isn't going to be one 'cure'.
There are problems that cannot be solved by computers. And AI probably won't take your job anytime soon. 
THERE ARE SO MANY OPEN PROBLEMS ALSO WE HATE ARITHMETIC 
. There are species that can REGENERATE THEIR BRAIN after injury 
The reason it’s “dangerous” to share your DNA is not scientific, it’s irresponsible lawmakers and eager parasites 
There is a lot of racism out there. Like a lot. 
There is a species of sea slug that smells like watermelon  
There is more to paleontology than just dinosaurs. #mammalsarecooltoo #shoutouttoinvertebrates #showmesomeichnofossils 
There is no "Authorship Controversy." The works of William Shakespeare were written by William Shakespeare.  (other field)
There is no "Junk DNA' 
There is no such thing as a “math person”  
There is no such thing as a standard or default version of any language — everything is dialect. 
There is over 500k species of beetles out there in the world, not all of them are dung beetles.  
There may be 200  types just of #sarcoma. 
There's always an opportunity to learn something new, and it's ok to indulge in your scientific curiosity once in a while 
There’s more to what I do than helping you walk 
There's no debate about vaccines. They save lives and do not cause autism whatsoever.  
There's no sense in which any language is objectively better than any other. They're all just different & equally valid. 
The roadrunners in my horse turnout approve this message. 
The second principle of thermodynamics holds only in average, local violations occur, all the time. 
The universe had a beginning, and all existence is ephemeral. 
The universe is infinite, but still we understand it better than the complex machine that sits inside our skull. #psych 
The universe is. Your perceptions and beliefs don't change it. 
The universe, it’s mechanisms and interactions, can indeed be understood via clever experiments and rigorous mathematics 
the US dug their own grave re: Iran long before any of us were born 
The vast majority of the 20,000 species of bees worldwide are solitary, not social. 
The Victorians were not repressed. 
the way things are going they won't live in the Arctic either... 
The way you talk is just fine. 
The world is warming.It's us.There's hope.It's us.
“Things”, both generally and specifically, are more easily reorganized when they are in an excited state.
Thinking about this. A few come to mind initially... 
Tiny molecules inside the cell move a lot and display large internal motions that in turn determine our health.
To be honest, I sometimes think of this whenever I eat chicken. 
To know how talk works, study real talk, not simulations of it, experiments about it, or ask surveys/interviews after it 
To look at social reality with simple curiosity. And then slowly begin to understand it.  
Tons of super informative and insightful tweets  
Torture is useless as a means of collecting useful information. 
Toxicological analyses take time and there is no one test that can detect everything.  
Translation and Interpreting are hell of a lot more than you ever learned in the school. 
Wrong labeling can be grounds for specimen rejection #workonthatlabel #MedicalLaboryScience 
Try to understand what insects do for us rather than trying to kill them first and then regretting it 
Turning a lightbulb on means something somewhere is spinning a little slower.  
Turtle👏excluder👏devices👏do👏NOT👏affect👏Blue👏Crab👏catch👏negatively👏in👏Chesapeake👏Bay  🐢🦀 
Unappreciated animals like sponges and sea urchins hold amazing potential for developmental and evolutionary research 
Understanding dynamics of biomass in landslides will give us a much more refined carbon budget for montane forests 
Understanding our evolution shows us how tightly related we are to other species. It makes us humbler, it makes us care 
Understanding the genetic basis of plant domestication is our key to new and better crops 
Understand that the world is complex and that 'obvious' is rarely 'right' 
Universal healthcare is essential 
Unless/until proven otherwise, assume all humans and other animals have preferences, needs, and emotions like you do. 
Unless/until proven otherwise, assume all humans and other animals have preferences, needs, and emotions like yours. 
Urban heat islands don't directly cause climate change, but UHIs will make climate change impacts worse in many places. 
U r constantly bombarded with radio waves from distant galaxies & u are going to die.  These facts are not related. 
Useful data has been calibrated and reduced, removing biases, artifacts, selection effects, etc. It's not raw. 
Using it for white supremacy/misogyny/transmisia/disablism? That’s what’s really “not biological”  
vaccinate you and your children, you assholes 
vaccines are a very very good thing 
Vaccines are safe, effective, and one of the greatest public health achievements in history  
Vaccines don't cause autism  
Vaginas are like self cleaning ovens so no soaps, cleansing, douches or anything GOOP is selling 
vaginas don't get "loose" 
Viruses can’t be defeated by antibiotics. But some viruses can kill bacteria for you instead! 
Viruses don't always make you sick. Some of them can restore vision in people with degenerative retinal diseases!
Wah your hands, vaccinate your kids 
Wait you're telling me the ten-tickles joke is A LIE 
Want to conserve endangered species? Go #vegetarian.It allows wild animals more/better habitat & lowers carbon footprint 
"Water boils at one hundred degrees centigrade" is a purely contingent statement, not absolute. 
 Water is LITERALLY life. Without it, Earth Dies. Food dies. Life dies.
Water shortages threaten sustainability-modern agriculture, inc. GMO tech can help feed people w/o increasing water use. 
We actually know quite a lot about Stonehenge 
We are all scientists, to a *degree. Participatory engagement is not scary, it's the future. 
We aren’t looking for “treasure” on shipwrecks. 
We are the way of the Universe to know about itself. For a moment. 
Weather forecasting has steadily improved b/c of satellite obs and improved models, w/o sustained funding it'll degrade 
We can see inside proteins with magnets...sometimes  
We can understand #climate -#ocean dynamics by looking at earth's past recorded in the mud at the bottom of the #ocean 
We can use molecular tools to detect tiny responses to pollutants to help inform restoration efforts.  (grad school)
we could eliminate malaria completely by killing off all the mosquitoes in the world 
We do not just use 10% of our brain. We use all of it.
We don’t get to read books all day. #librarylife  
We don’t prove or disprove. We ask questions to find answers to generate more questions. 
We get highest sustainable fish catches when fish populations are at intermediate levels  
We have to understand how animals move across the landscape if we want to protect them and establish conservation areas.
We know so little about the microbial universe under our feet, but it holds the secrets to the food and fuel of tomorrow 
We *need* microbes. They make up the largest proportion of biomass on Earth and we wouldn't be here without them. 
We need to share the research *process* openly, encouraging collaboration, reuse and replication.
We're actually pretty good at doing fusion. We make it happen all the time. We're just not *quite* good *enough*... yet! 
We're debris left over from stellar furnaces & the Big Bang, assembled by evolution to appreciate that briefly, then die. 
We're loving this  campaign! Tweet us yours... 
We still need engrs & scientists to study motors, pumps, transformers, and controls. More than coding, more than nano. 
#Wetlands are not wastelands 
We use 100% of our brain. All the time. The question is HOW.  #SciComm #Neuroscience
We use 100% of our brain. All the time. The question is HOW.  #SciComm #Neuroscience 
We were not the only clever hominin. 
We will not fix your fucking computer. 
Whale poo is a huge carbon sink and recycles nutrients in ocean ecosystems!  
What a comma splice is, and how to avoid it. 
What!? Archaeologists aren't Scientists?  #Archaeology 
What most refer to as common brain disorders are actually big collections of very rare disorders w/ overlapping symptoms 
What we say matters for how kids think about the world/themselves so let’s tell kids to ‘do science’, not ‘be scientists’ 
What you do and where you go may impact your grandkids.  
What you experience (eat, BREATHE, etc.) in your childhood shapes much of your lifelong health (mental and physical) 
what you know < how you teachif you can't teach at all your MA and PhD are as good as nothing thank you. 
When a vertebrate gene has been tested in a worm strain carrying an lf allele of the ortholog, the mutant is rescued(!) 
When talking about Native Americans groups, we (Anthropologists) don't use the word tribe anymore.
When you ignore the humanities and privatize education, stuff like Trump happens.  
When you look at what porn says & shows, it's actually a lot less sexist & violent than most everything in our culture 
When you understand that squares are rectangles, but only some rectangles are squares, lots of math will seem familiar. 
Where possible, science news should link to the original research.  
"Where time is required to see a result, there is no substitute for history” (Deevey 1969) so paleoecology is important! 
Why, yes, actually we DO have streams & lakes in S AB. And they DO have fish in 'em.For the time being. 
Wild birds are NOT responsible for spread on avian influenza in US poultry  
Wildlife conservation is really about working with people 
Wildlife policies and rules rely on best science; policymakers are best influenced by strategic & effective #SciComm 
Wind turbines are quiet and have tougher noise controls than traffic, rail or anyother infrastructure (uk/eu). 
Wireless tech. radiation causes oxidative-stress & increase free-radicals, neuro & cancer effects 
Without doubt #vaccineswork, without them many of us would be dead. 
Writing is both an activity and subject for study. 
Yeah should just be called subspecies 
YELLOW BILLED MAGPIES ARE ENDEMIC TO THE CENTRAL CALIFORNIA VALLEY 
Yep, #sponges are animals, not plants  
yes, flies (and all insects) really do have brains 
Yes, Fruit flies actually sleep. 
Yes, indeed!! Epigenetics is part of the field of genetics!  #epigenetics 
Yes, it has a cute name but don’t plant baby’s breath in your garden!!  
Yes primates are cute. I think so too. But no, you absolutely should not get one as a pet.  
YES!!! Thank you!!! Why do we keep running with this myth in education??? 
Yet if you read this tweet out loud in Antarctica, you do in fact summon a polar bear 🤔 
: You actually are what you eat. The atoms from your diet build your body and have an identifiable fingerprint
You are made of stardust. 
You are NEVER too old to learn something new. 
You are not statistically special 
You can learn a lot about an animal’s diet, health, relatives, and population history all from one. little. poop. 💩 
You can literally convince someone to buy anything 
You can not hug an adult giant panda. IT’S A FUCKING BEAR. 
You can’t hurt someone worse than dead. #CPRsaveslives 
You can't just Terraform Mars by melting the ice caps to form an atmosphere. 
You can watch evolution happen before your eyes – within only a few days or weeks! 
You don't need antibiotics for that cold  
You don't need to wear gloves to handle manuscripts. And you usually shouldn't. #medievaltwitter 
You have the power to limit your risk for many types of cancer. Quit smoking, wear sunscreen, and get up and move! 
You have to *do* things if you want to learn anything. Listening doesn't count.  
You never really learn everything about computer science. The imposter syndrome never quite leaves 
Young people aren't doing language 'wrong', just differently. 
You rarely need to know the primary language of someone to teach them the target language. 
Your artifact by itself  is meaningless. Leave it where you found it. 
Your brain -- and therefore your mind -- is not separate from your body. It's an organ. 
Your brain is internally generating the meaning of this sentence, using no more ‘data’ than light falling on your retina! 
You're actually much safer on a commercial airplane than in a car (esp a car in a crowded area) 
you're peeing out those biotin supplements, and they may lead to inaccurate blood test results
Your existence, distilled into one tweet. Do not read if you suffer from an inferiority complex 
YOUR LABIA IS NORMAL 
Your lawn, mowing, & pesticides are killing butterflies, bees, birds, & you (& a whole lot of other life) 
Your local garden centre, pet shop, or food market, could be vectors for species that can cause damage in your area 
Your mother is more likely to save your life than a doctor.  #medhist 
Your worm strain may carry a SynMuv allele that is not linked to the gene you are studying. Oh, and recessive neomorphs. 
You use 100% of your brain. All the time. 
